vivian miedema today the netherlands plays
against Greece and your escort again
three dude
yes that's right but these are competitions we
as where you have to show as a striker
a must score yes I did
I'm happy with that and it's just the
main mop have steam
won
how for hours already in the dutch team
yes it is of course a special handful
with the best playful in the Netherlands
it is just one step higher than true
your club and i just can do a lot
students from that just quite
important to me
did you expect you to be so fast and so flux
still so much score no I don't want that
it is international level and yes it
is just what I say one step higher
and i'm just really happy to see it
goes well now
then you are not sorry that you mito
selected with for the ek in sweden
for instance
yes, of course, but also that moment
maybe I wasn't ready for it yet
I might not be ready for it yet
yes well yes just what i got them
competition just super big for that
knight i'm just glad i'm in the
was mag girls how do you see the following
doing the netherlands is the netherlands belgium
also people you know from the inside
walked
How do you see that you are February 12 in it
zwolle well it is for us of course
it's just important that we win
but we know that Belgium is a tough job
black countries play good playful football
sense the level of the Belgian clubs
so goes up the level of it
national team will also go up
and we must, we can not ie Belgium
underestimate because that was a whole
exciting match I think
You are already top scorer for this accident
the women's bene league with suspension suspension
you are number 7 goal also at the top
in a world cup ranking
qualification europe
is that something you play for or is
that is not the intention no that is what I want
not even the ordinary intention that you like
team wins and yes it is nice that I am there
important
can be scary but it goes natural
just end up getting the team result
with no do you think of the week against
twente also a topper
you see that yes naja it is used
of course the better
plow and
i just hope we have a good day
maybe have a bit of can
get it
I think we as a team with Heerenveen
just signal everyone from everyone
can win but also from everyone
can lose so yes we just have to
everything with ourselves to him perhaps
what it will be
ok thank you and good luck thank you